- diminished
 The more you try to do something more even when you are sick, the more your energy gets diminished. 

 - recuperate
 Rest and recuperate!

- abruptly, recede, wane, prevalent
Beautiful moments always seem to pass by abruptly.
So chase and hold onto them tightly, not to recede from us. Or the influence will wane.
The beautiful odor can be prevalent in our minds for a long time.

- coexists, corroborate, tending to, domineering, relentlessly
BPD means Borderline Personality Disorder. People who have some illness- indistinct, massive, and vaguely threatening. The disorder also coexists with depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, alcoholism, drug abuse, eating disorders, phobias, etc.
Some studies corroborate that most patients shared at least one other major psychiatric diagnosis. Chronic headaches and immune systems can also coexist. 
There are some BPD's criteria may summarized as follows;
1. abandonment
2. difficulty in interpersonal relationships.
3. Inadaque of clearing sense of identity.

- refrain, restrain, prohibit, preclude, forbid, prevalent
I barely restrained myself from doing something useless while studying.
Please refrain from dribbling in the lobby.
Parking in lanes is prohibited.
The government forbids people from parking in lanes.

keep me posted.

-aftermath 여파
It's more the aftermath like, now you have to listen to everybody say this or judge you or overanalyze something you say, or pick this apart. It's like social media used to be.

-악화되다 deteriorate
It is so deteriorating your self-esteem, the way that you view yourself.

She and I have been a friend for a few years now.

- scrutiny 정밀조사, scrutinize
When you are in the public eye, it just opens you up to scrutiny and criticism about every little thing. But she internalizes that.
It needs a tough thick skin.

== challenge
putting myself out there

== pick on = make joke 
You shouldn't let the others pick on you so much 
다른사람들이 놀리게 두지 말아요.

- ripples 파급효과, 잔물결, 파문
One person's kindness can have a ripple effect. Like when people at a football stadium do the wave.
